README.package.json.md, before:

# Scripts
1. webpack-build-with-watcher - bundles static files, then starts a watcher to detect changes in the static files
1. webpack-remove-extra-js - remove extra js file that is created by the webpack plugin css-loader
1. babel-clean - clears the 'dist' folder
1. babel-build - transpiles ES6 target code of 'src' folder in 'dist' folder
1. babel-build-with-watcher - transpiles ES6 target code of 'src' folder in 'dist' folder, then starts a watcher to detect changes in 'src' folder and re-transpiles every time a change is detected
1. node-start-with-watcher - starts node monitor, then starts a wathcer to detect changes in 'dist' folder and re-starts node monitor every time a change is detected
1. start-watchers - runs node-start-with-watcher, babel-build-with-watcher and webpack-build-with-watcher
1. start-server - runs babel-clean, then babel-build, then start-watchers
# Dependencies
1. babel-cli - for transpiling es6 code
1. babel-loader - for transpiling jsx and es6 in webpack
1. babel-preset-env - for transpiling es6 code
1. babel-preset-es2015 - for transpiling es6 code
1. babel-preset-react - for transpiling jsx
1. bootstrap - front end styling framework
1. css-loader - css loader for webpack
1. express - node web framework for developing the backend
1. extract-text-webpack-plugin - plugin for webpack to create separate bundled css file
1. html-webpack-exclude-assets-plugin - plugin for webpack to exclude static files from being injected into html file
1. html-webpack-plugin - for injecting webpack bundles into html file
1. jquery - for bootstrap
1. node - node core
1. nodemon - for detecting changes in dist folder and auto-restarting server
1. on-build-webpack - to run scripts after every webpack build
1. popper.js - for bootstrap
1. react - react core
1. react-dom - for rendering react components into HTML
1. react-router-dom - for client side routing
1. webpack - bundle static files and react files

Commit message:

Separate front-end and back-end  folders and servers

README.package.json.md, after:

# Scripts
1. **clean** - clears the 'dist' folder
1. **transpile** - transpiles ES6 code of 'src' folder into 'dist' folder
1. **transpile-with-watch** - transpiles ES6 code of 'src' folder into 'dist' folder, then starts a watcher to detect changes in 'src' folder and re-transpiles every time a change is detected
1. **start-back-end-server** - starts node monitor, then starts a watcher to detect changes in 'dist/back-end' folder and re-starts node monitor every time a change is detected
1. **start-front-end-server** - starts webpack dev server, then starts a watcher to detect changes in 'dist/front-end' folder and re-starts webpack dev server every time a change is detected
1. **start-servers-and-watchers** - runs **start-back-end-server**, **start-front-end-server** and **transpile-with-watch**
1. **start** - runs **clean**, then **transpile**, then **start-servers-and-watchers**
# Dependencies
1. **babel-cli** - for transpiling es6 code
1. **babel-loader** - for transpiling jsx and es6 in webpack
1. **babel-preset-env** - for transpiling es6 code
1. **babel-preset-es2015** - for transpiling es6 code
1. **babel-preset-react** - for transpiling jsx
1. **css-loader** - css loader for webpack
1. **express** - node web framework for developing the backend
1. **extract-text-webpack-plugin** - plugin for webpack to create separate bundled css file
1. **html-webpack-exclude-assets-plugin** - plugin for webpack to exclude static files from being injected into html file
1. **html-webpack-plugin** - for injecting webpack bundles into html file
1. **node** - node core
1. **nodemon** - for detecting changes in dist folder and auto-restarting server
1. **on-build-webpack** - to run scripts after every webpack build
1. **react** - react core
1. **react-addons-css-transition-group** - for styling infinite calendar
1. **react-dom** - for rendering react components into HTML
1. **react-infinite-calendar** - react component for calendar
1. **react-router-dom** - for client side routing
1. **webpack** - bundle static files and react files
1. **webpack-dev-server** - for serving static files after bundling with webpack
